feat: Basic instructions for using the IdP (#667)
solid/community-server: README.md

  ```shell
  docker run --rm -v ~/solid-config:/config -p 3000:3000 -it css:latest -c /config/my-config.json
  ```

## Using the identity provider

1. First launch the Community Solid Server (see [Running locally](#running-locally)).
2. To use the identity provider, you need a compatible client application.

    You can use for example `@inrupt/solid-client-authn-js`:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/inrupt/solid-client-authn-js
    cd solid-client-authn-js
    npm ci

>     cd packages/node/example/demoClientApp/

Reviewer: I also had to run `npm ci` after this command as the demo client app wasn't built by the root `npm ci` call. Is this expected?

Author: You're right, I haven't done it in a while since there was no change to the demo client app recently.
Fixed in the last commit.

    npm run start
    ```

    Go to `http://localhost:3001`.

> 3. Use the base URL of your running CSS instance to as Identity provider, for

Reviewer: I changed the `index.js` to edit the url, is that how you're supposed to do it?

Author: You can simply enter the URL in the UI.
But yes, adding it to index.js is the way to add it by default.

Reviewer: I couldn't find how to do it through the UI, if I clicked the URL it tried to go to that website, and if I clicked login it tried to register with that provider 😅

   example `http://localhost:3000`, to fill the form. Click the `login` button.

> 4. Follow the instructions to register/login/...

Reviewer: Since we currently have to provide a webId to register. Could you add a minimal example of which data I should add to the server I just started at `http://localhost:3000` to for example have a valid webId at `http://localhost:3000/profile` or similar path? I want to be able to test this completely internally.

Author: Just added!

  ```shell
  docker run --rm -v ~/solid-config:/config -p 3000:3000 -it css:latest -c /config/my-config.json
  ```

## Using the identity provider

1. Launch the Community Solid Server, for example in file server mode:
    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:solid/community-server.git
    cd community-server

>     mkdir data

Reviewer: This is actually not necessary anymore when using a file store! The directory will be created if necessary by the server.

Author: Removed

    npm ci

>     npm run start -- -c config/config-file.json -f ./data

Reviewer: I would not require a file store, the registration token can be added through the normal API as in my other comment.

Author: Removed

    ```
2. To use the identity provider, you need a compatible client application.

    You can use for example `@inrupt/solid-client-authn-js`:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/inrupt/solid-client-authn-js
    cd solid-client-authn-js
    npm ci
    cd packages/node/example/demoClientApp/
    npm ci

>     npm run start

Reviewer: Fun fact: `npm start` also works (as it's one of the default scripts npm recognizes).

Author: Haha, true ^^,

    ```

    Go to `http://localhost:3001`.
3. Use the base URL of your running CSS instance to as Identity provider, for
   example `http://localhost:3000`, to fill the form. Click the `login` button.
4. Follow the instructions to register/login/...

    A WebID hosted in your pod will be required to complete registration.
    
    In your community server running with a file backend as described in step 1,
    you could create `./data/profile/card$.ttl` with the following content:

>     ```turtle

Reviewer: I would change this part to not have the `solid:oidcIssuerRegistrationToken`. But add that during the registration process the IdP will ask to add a triple to your profile which you can do by PATCHing with (or overwriting everything with a PUT).
```sparql
PREFIX : <#>
PREFIX solid: <http://www.w3.org/ns/solid/terms#>
INSERT DATA { :me solid:oidcIssuerRegistrationToken "TOKEN_GIVEN_DURING_REGISTRATION_PROCESS" }
```

Author: Updated, let me know what you think ;)

  ```

## Using the identity provider

1. Launch the Community Solid Server:
    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:solid/community-server.git
    cd community-server
    npm ci
    npm start
    ```
2. To use the identity provider, you need a compatible client application.

    You can use for example `@inrupt/solid-client-authn-js`:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/inrupt/solid-client-authn-js
    cd solid-client-authn-js
    npm ci
    cd packages/node/example/demoClientApp/
    npm ci
    npm start
    ```

    Go to `http://localhost:3001`.
3. Use the base URL of your running CSS instance to as Identity provider, for
   example `http://localhost:3000`, to fill the form. Click the `login` button.
4. Follow the instructions to register/login/...

    A WebID hosted in your pod will be required to complete registration.
    
    In your running community server, you could create `./profile/card$.ttl`
    with the following content:
    ```turtle
    prefix : <#>
    prefix solid: <http://www.w3.org/ns/solid/terms#>

    :me solid:oidcIssuer <http://localhost:3000/> .
    ```

>     If registering, follow the on scree instructions and add the OIDC issuer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When registering, follow the on screen instructions and add the OIDC issuer
```

    registration token to your WebID, which you can do for example by PATCHing

>     `./profile/card$.ttl` with:

Reviewer: This is still referencing the filename when using a file based backend
```suggestion
    `http://localhost:3000/profile/card` with:
```
